Update README (#11578)
openethereum/openethereum: README.md

# OpenEthereum

> The Fastest and most Advanced Ethereum Client.

Reviewer: How about "A fast and feature rich multi-network Ethereum Client"?

## 2. Technical Overview <a id="chapter-002"></a>

> OpenEthereum's goal is to be the fastest, lightest, and most secure Ethereum client. We are developing OpenEthereum using the sophisticated and cutting-edge **Rust programming language**. OpenEthereum is licensed under the GPLv3 and can be used for all your Ethereum needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenEthereum's goal is to be the fastest, lightest, and most secure Ethereum client. We are developing OpenEthereum using the **Rust programming language**. OpenEthereum is licensed under the GPLv3 and can be used for all your Ethereum needs.
```

By default, OpenEthereum runs a JSON-RPC HTTP server on port `:8545` and a Web-Sockets server on port `:8546`. This is fully configurable and supports a number of APIs.

If you run into problems while using OpenEthereum, check out the [old wiki for documentation](https://wiki.parity.io/), feel free to [file an issue in this repository](https://github.com/openethereum/openethereum/issues/new), or hop on our [Discord](https://discord.io/openethereum) chat room to ask a question. We are glad to help!

> You can download OpenEthereum's latest release at [the releases page](https://github.com/openethereum/openethereum/releases) or follow the instructions below to build from source. Please, mind the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for a list of all changes between different versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download OpenEthereum's latest release at [the releases page](https://github.com/openethereum/openethereum/releases) or follow the instructions below to build from source. Read the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for a list of all changes between different versions.
```

$ git checkout stable
```

### 3.3 Starting OpenEthereum <a id="chapter-0034"></a>

#### Manually

To start OpenEthereum manually, just run

```bash
$ ./target/release/parity
```

so OpenEthereum begins syncing the Ethereum blockchain.

#### Using `systemd` service file

To start OpenEthereum as a regular user using `systemd` init:

1. Copy `./scripts/parity.service` to your
`systemd` user directory (usually `~/.config/systemd/user`).
2. Copy release to bin folder, write `sudo install ./target/release/parity /usr/bin/parity`

> 3. To configure OpenEthereum, write a `/etc/parity/config.toml` config file, see [our old wiki](https://paritytech.github.io/wiki/Configuring-Parity) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To configure OpenEthereum, write a `/etc/openethereum/config.toml` config file, see [our old wiki](https://paritytech.github.io/wiki/Configuring-Parity) for details.
```

I don't think that path is special but I'm not 100% sure!

Reviewer 2: Yes, it is not used unless `--config` is used

Author: If it's not used, then we should remove this point?

Reviewer 2: I was wrong, it is used if the `BASE_PATH` is `/etc/openethereum` and can be overwritten by `--config ..../some/some.toml` but I think the following with be sufficent:

> To configure OpenEthereum, see [our old wiki](https://paritytech.github.io/wiki/Configuring-Parity) for details.

</p></details>

> ### Contributing to documentation for OpenEthereum packages

Reviewer: I think this whole paragraph can be deleted. What's the point in saying "document rust code using the rust documentation best practices"?

## 6. Toolchain <a id="chapter-006"></a>

In addition to the OpenEthereum client, there are additional tools in this repository available:

- [evmbin](./evmbin) - OpenEthereum EVM Implementation.
- [ethstore](./accounts/ethstore) - OpenEthereum Key Management.
- [ethkey](./accounts/ethkey) - OpenEthereum Keys Generator.

> The following tool is available in a separate repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tools are available in a separate repository:
```
